very good girls very good guys
polemic in fifa 14 is iker squares the
best goalie in the game will be valdez
among the top 10 goalkeepers in what
it's being the player's valuation
in the global final score
Attentive points because there are so many
surprises and not just with the goalkeepers
but for example with a bale card that does not
is not even among the 10 players
best game and is that squares is not
good of khaled, what could we
discuss because still he has not yet
proved if you want to debate this is
this thing does not gareth bale it but
at least he is a very good player not
I think that among the top ten yes
they are and boxes because it is not the
unquestionable goalkeeper of the game the best
world's goalkeeper but he is buffoon
above him you want buffon is
above the web ine in all three
tied jester squares and neuer for that
order and then it will be peter cech the
chelsea goalkeeper
cry to 15
wa 15 how to pronounce forgiven
handanovic sirigu marketing and adler and
these are the top ten in terms of
valuation and already very much the attention
that is neither valdés nor courtney the
madrid courtois goalkeeper
among the first 10 curtois as
say sorry forgive me do not mess me
with the cult languages to we go to
call like that among the top ten
really who has made these
valuations the valuations but that
Victor Vctor is not among the ten
best goalkeepers in the world I think
being from Madrid as I am, it seems like a
very important offense for this
sport and I think they should
modify because valdés is without any
kind of doubts among the top five
goalkeepers of the world to this day and
it also calls me a lot of attention
that is neither of gea
neither die lopez nor
many goalkeepers who are very good
goalkeepers and to this day are some of the
best goalkeepers in the world because they are
more and more sheet turn so there's
a lot of controversy in the forums as
if people what is commenting what
is saying and on the same page where
the source of the news begins to
say that they seem an outrage and
I'm speechless I want me
comment and not only has happened with that
but with gareth bale I also comment
is not have one has an evaluation
very high neither in the game now not
I would know how to tell you but it does not have a
evaluation pose to be among the
five first or the first ten or
something like that I do not remember well so I want
that you tell me guys from sybase this
you have to modify the
statistics of the players because I
it seems that they are quite unbalanced
without anything faithful to the reality as soon as
at least as regards the
goalkeepers and I have a little bit of fear in
this aspect so I want me to
comment like and favorites and see you
in the next chao